fix(custom-resources): cross-environment call fails in opt-in region (#26917)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/custom-resources/README.md

  },
});
```

#### Making Cross Account Calls

Example of making a cross account call using an assumed role. If deploying the custom resource in a region where the cross account role is not defined (i.e. an opt-in region that is not enabled in the account owning the role), set the region parameter to a region enabled in that account.

```ts

> const crossAccountRoleArn = '...' // arn of role deployed in separate account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const crossAccountRoleArn = 'arn:aws:iam:account:000000000000' // arn of role deployed in separate account
```

somethign like this
